Get free quote.org. We are going to need a polling system to essentially have agents capture jobs recently posted jobs and currently live jobs as well as a way to refresh and validate and ensure that we don’t have stale old job postings or job request. This should be a semi autonomous instance where the get free quotes.org platform kind of crawls looking for new job request community ideas as far as community buildings or parks that may be good. How do you best propose gathering all of the things that people are looking to get done so that the platform can then have actual companies entrepreneurs and businesses able to bid on those jobs or send send estimates and bids to the potential customers ideally it all happens autonomously and on the business end, they have their own structure as far as how is how their agents are set up to bid on potential jobs and then on the end-user side I’m thinking that any jobs that get of course posted to get free quote.org by default, but also any jobs that are posted on live forums and live platforms and other live gig work apps so I think like Taskrabbit Thumbtack Facebook essentially like Facebook community pages where people ask for yardwork or debris removal or decking or roofing or whatever it is so anywhere that jobs are being posted. However, only whatever we can source legally of course! We need a way to capture those and essentially import them into get free quote.org and then as mentioned previously validate their freshness so that those potential customers can start getting quotes. Otherwise we can just focus on user and agent uploads, as well as making the process to add a job super easy! Like for instance if a user already spent the time to upload their job to another platform, they can just take a picture of the job posting and upload it to GetFreeQuote.org to easily create a new job on our platform! (GetFreeQuote.org will process it, add all the details it can find, and then request any last details missing that would be needed for a good quote at the users convenience.) 

Additional Idea - local requests - car tire fix, gas tank, etc. Etc. Built into GetFreeQuote as well that attempts to only send a request (if location bound attribute is checked) so that they are likely to receive help or a job completion faster go local type issues/work or last minute “in a pinch” help. This will also tie in nicely with gig work, someone wakes up on a Sunday and can quickly see who needs help around them! (Baker called in sick and needs someone who has food safety certificate to make this recipe, someone’s car broke down and needs a mechanic soon, someone’s drill bit snapped and Home Depot just closed etc, or large wedding needs additional catering staff… 